c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BookStore\Domain\bin\Debug\Domain.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BookStore\Domain\bin\Debug\Domain.pdb
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BookStore\Domain\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BookStore\Domain\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BookStore\Domain\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BookStore\Domain\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BookStore\Domain\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BookStore\Domain\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BookStore\Domain\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BookStore\Domain\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BookStore\Domain\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BookStore\Domain\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BookStore\Domain\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BookStore\Domain\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BookStore\Domain\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BookStore\Domain\obj\Debug\Domain.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BookStore\Domain\obj\Debug\Domain.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BookStore\Domain\obj\Debug\Domain.pdb
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BookStore\Domain\bin\Debug\Domain.dll.config
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BookStore\Domain\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BookStore\Domain\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BookStore\Domain\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BookStore\Domain\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
e:\Studies\С#\miniProgects\MVC\Mvc(CBT)\BookStore\Domain\obj\Debug\Domain.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
e:\Studies\С#\miniProgects\MVC\Mvc(CBT)\BookStore\Domain\obj\Debug\Domain.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
e:\Studies\С#\miniProgects\MVC\Mvc(CBT)\BookStore\Domain\obj\Debug\Domain.dll
e:\Studies\С#\miniProgects\MVC\Mvc(CBT)\BookStore\Domain\obj\Debug\Domain.pdb
e:\Studies\С#\miniProgects\MVC\Mvc(CBT)\BookStore\Domain\bin\Debug\Domain.dll.config
e:\Studies\С#\miniProgects\MVC\Mvc(CBT)\BookStore\Domain\bin\Debug\Domain.dll
e:\Studies\С#\miniProgects\MVC\Mvc(CBT)\BookStore\Domain\bin\Debug\Domain.pdb
e:\Studies\С#\miniProgects\MVC\Mvc(CBT)\BookStore\Domain\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
e:\Studies\С#\miniProgects\MVC\Mvc(CBT)\BookStore\Domain\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
e:\Studies\С#\miniProgects\MVC\Mvc(CBT)\BookStore\Domain\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
e:\Studies\С#\miniProgects\MVC\Mvc(CBT)\BookStore\Domain\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.dll
e:\Studies\С#\miniProgects\MVC\Mvc(CBT)\BookStore\Domain\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.dll
e:\Studies\С#\miniProgects\MVC\Mvc(CBT)\BookStore\Domain\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.dll
e:\Studies\С#\miniProgects\MVC\Mvc(CBT)\BookStore\Domain\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
e:\Studies\С#\miniProgects\MVC\Mvc(CBT)\BookStore\Domain\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.dll
e:\Studies\С#\miniProgects\MVC\Mvc(CBT)\BookStore\Domain\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
e:\Studies\С#\miniProgects\MVC\Mvc(CBT)\BookStore\Domain\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
e:\Studies\С#\miniProgects\MVC\Mvc(CBT)\BookStore\Domain\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
e:\Studies\С#\miniProgects\MVC\Mvc(CBT)\BookStore\Domain\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.xml
e:\Studies\С#\miniProgects\MVC\Mvc(CBT)\BookStore\Domain\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.xml
e:\Studies\С#\miniProgects\MVC\Mvc(CBT)\BookStore\Domain\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.xml
e:\Studies\С#\miniProgects\MVC\Mvc(CBT)\BookStore\Domain\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.xml
e:\Studies\С#\miniProgects\MVC\Mvc(CBT)\BookStore\Domain\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
e:\Studies\С#\miniProgects\MVC\Mvc(CBT)\BookStore\Domain\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
e:\Studies\С#\miniProgects\MVC\Mvc(CBT)\BookStore\Domain\obj\Debug\Domain.csproj.CopyComplete
e:\Studies\С#\miniProgects\MVC\Mvc(CBT)\EventsPlanning\Domain\bin\Debug\Domain.dll.config
e:\Studies\С#\miniProgects\MVC\Mvc(CBT)\EventsPlanning\Domain\bin\Debug\Domain.dll
e:\Studies\С#\miniProgects\MVC\Mvc(CBT)\EventsPlanning\Domain\bin\Debug\Domain.pdb
e:\Studies\С#\miniProgects\MVC\Mvc(CBT)\EventsPlanning\Domain\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
e:\Studies\С#\miniProgects\MVC\Mvc(CBT)\EventsPlanning\Domain\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
e:\Studies\С#\miniProgects\MVC\Mvc(CBT)\EventsPlanning\Domain\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
e:\Studies\С#\miniProgects\MVC\Mvc(CBT)\EventsPlanning\Domain\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.dll
e:\Studies\С#\miniProgects\MVC\Mvc(CBT)\EventsPlanning\Domain\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.dll
e:\Studies\С#\miniProgects\MVC\Mvc(CBT)\EventsPlanning\Domain\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.dll
e:\Studies\С#\miniProgects\MVC\Mvc(CBT)\EventsPlanning\Domain\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
e:\Studies\С#\miniProgects\MVC\Mvc(CBT)\EventsPlanning\Domain\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.dll
e:\Studies\С#\miniProgects\MVC\Mvc(CBT)\EventsPlanning\Domain\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
e:\Studies\С#\miniProgects\MVC\Mvc(CBT)\EventsPlanning\Domain\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
e:\Studies\С#\miniProgects\MVC\Mvc(CBT)\EventsPlanning\Domain\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
e:\Studies\С#\miniProgects\MVC\Mvc(CBT)\EventsPlanning\Domain\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.xml
e:\Studies\С#\miniProgects\MVC\Mvc(CBT)\EventsPlanning\Domain\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.xml
e:\Studies\С#\miniProgects\MVC\Mvc(CBT)\EventsPlanning\Domain\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.xml
e:\Studies\С#\miniProgects\MVC\Mvc(CBT)\EventsPlanning\Domain\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.xml
e:\Studies\С#\miniProgects\MVC\Mvc(CBT)\EventsPlanning\Domain\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
e:\Studies\С#\miniProgects\MVC\Mvc(CBT)\EventsPlanning\Domain\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
e:\Studies\С#\miniProgects\MVC\Mvc(CBT)\EventsPlanning\Domain\obj\Debug\Domain.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
e:\Studies\С#\miniProgects\MVC\Mvc(CBT)\EventsPlanning\Domain\obj\Debug\Domain.csproj.CopyComplete
e:\Studies\С#\miniProgects\MVC\Mvc(CBT)\EventsPlanning\Domain\obj\Debug\Domain.dll
e:\Studies\С#\miniProgects\MVC\Mvc(CBT)\EventsPlanning\Domain\obj\Debug\Domain.pdb
e:\Studies\С#\miniProgects\MVC\Mvc(CBT)\EventsPlanning\Domain\obj\Debug\Domain.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
e:\Studies\С#\miniProgects\MVC\Mvc(CBT)\EventsPlanning — копия\Domain\obj\Debug\Domain.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
e:\Studies\С#\miniProgects\MVC\Mvc(CBT)\EventsPlanning — копия\Domain\obj\Debug\Domain.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
e:\Studies\С#\miniProgects\MVC\Mvc(CBT)\EventsPlanning — копия\Domain\obj\Debug\Domain.dll
e:\Studies\С#\miniProgects\MVC\Mvc(CBT)\EventsPlanning — копия\Domain\obj\Debug\Domain.pdb
e:\Studies\С#\miniProgects\MVC\Mvc(CBT)\EventsPlanning — копия\Domain\bin\Debug\Domain.dll.config
e:\Studies\С#\miniProgects\MVC\Mvc(CBT)\EventsPlanning — копия\Domain\bin\Debug\Domain.dll
e:\Studies\С#\miniProgects\MVC\Mvc(CBT)\EventsPlanning — копия\Domain\bin\Debug\Domain.pdb
e:\Studies\С#\miniProgects\MVC\Mvc(CBT)\EventsPlanning — копия\Domain\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
e:\Studies\С#\miniProgects\MVC\Mvc(CBT)\EventsPlanning — копия\Domain\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
e:\Studies\С#\miniProgects\MVC\Mvc(CBT)\EventsPlanning — копия\Domain\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
e:\Studies\С#\miniProgects\MVC\Mvc(CBT)\EventsPlanning — копия\Domain\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.dll
e:\Studies\С#\miniProgects\MVC\Mvc(CBT)\EventsPlanning — копия\Domain\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.dll
e:\Studies\С#\miniProgects\MVC\Mvc(CBT)\EventsPlanning — копия\Domain\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.dll
e:\Studies\С#\miniProgects\MVC\Mvc(CBT)\EventsPlanning — копия\Domain\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
e:\Studies\С#\miniProgects\MVC\Mvc(CBT)\EventsPlanning — копия\Domain\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.dll
e:\Studies\С#\miniProgects\MVC\Mvc(CBT)\EventsPlanning — копия\Domain\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
e:\Studies\С#\miniProgects\MVC\Mvc(CBT)\EventsPlanning — копия\Domain\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
e:\Studies\С#\miniProgects\MVC\Mvc(CBT)\EventsPlanning — копия\Domain\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
e:\Studies\С#\miniProgects\MVC\Mvc(CBT)\EventsPlanning — копия\Domain\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.xml
e:\Studies\С#\miniProgects\MVC\Mvc(CBT)\EventsPlanning — копия\Domain\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.xml
e:\Studies\С#\miniProgects\MVC\Mvc(CBT)\EventsPlanning — копия\Domain\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.xml
e:\Studies\С#\miniProgects\MVC\Mvc(CBT)\EventsPlanning — копия\Domain\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.xml
e:\Studies\С#\miniProgects\MVC\Mvc(CBT)\EventsPlanning — копия\Domain\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
e:\Studies\С#\miniProgects\MVC\Mvc(CBT)\EventsPlanning — копия\Domain\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
e:\Studies\С#\miniProgects\MVC\Mvc(CBT)\EventsPlanning — копия\Domain\bin\Debug\ru\System.Web.Helpers.resources.dll
e:\Studies\С#\miniProgects\MVC\Mvc(CBT)\EventsPlanning — копия\Domain\bin\Debug\ru\System.Web.Mvc.resources.dll
e:\Studies\С#\miniProgects\MVC\Mvc(CBT)\EventsPlanning — копия\Domain\bin\Debug\ru\System.Web.Razor.resources.dll
e:\Studies\С#\miniProgects\MVC\Mvc(CBT)\EventsPlanning — копия\Domain\bin\Debug\ru\System.Web.WebPages.resources.dll
e:\Studies\С#\miniProgects\MVC\Mvc(CBT)\EventsPlanning — копия\Domain\bin\Debug\ru\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.resources.dll
e:\Studies\С#\miniProgects\MVC\Mvc(CBT)\EventsPlanning — копия\Domain\bin\Debug\ru\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.resources.dll
e:\Studies\С#\miniProgects\MVC\Mvc(CBT)\EventsPlanning — копия\Domain\obj\Debug\Domain.csproj.CopyComplete
