c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BookStore\WebUI\bin\WebUI.dll.config
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BookStore\WebUI\bin\WebUI.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BookStore\WebUI\bin\WebUI.pdb
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BookStore\WebUI\bin\Domain.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BookStore\WebUI\bin\Moq.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BookStore\WebUI\bin\Ninject.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BookStore\WebUI\bin\Ninject.Web.Common.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BookStore\WebUI\bin\Ninject.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BookStore\WebUI\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BookStore\WebUI\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BookStore\WebUI\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BookStore\WebUI\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BookStore\WebUI\bin\System.Web.Webpages.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BookStore\WebUI\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BookStore\WebUI\bin\WebActivatorEx.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BookStore\WebUI\bin\Domain.pdb
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BookStore\WebUI\bin\Moq.xml
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BookStore\WebUI\bin\Ninject.xml
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BookStore\WebUI\bin\Ninject.Web.Common.xml
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BookStore\WebUI\bin\Ninject.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BookStore\WebUI\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BookStore\WebUI\bin\System.Web.Webpages.xml
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BookStore\WebUI\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BookStore\WebUI\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.xml
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BookStore\WebUI\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BookStore\WebUI\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BookStore\WebUI\obj\Debug\WebUI.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BookStore\WebUI\obj\Debug\WebUI.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BookStore\WebUI\obj\Debug\WebUI.pdb
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BookStore\WebUI\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BookStore\WebUI\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BookStore\WebUI\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BookStore\WebUI\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
e:\Studies\С#\miniProgects\MVC\Mvc(CBT)\BookStore\WebUI\obj\Debug\WebUI.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
e:\Studies\С#\miniProgects\MVC\Mvc(CBT)\BookStore\WebUI\obj\Debug\WebUI.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
e:\Studies\С#\miniProgects\MVC\Mvc(CBT)\BookStore\WebUI\obj\Debug\WebUI.dll
e:\Studies\С#\miniProgects\MVC\Mvc(CBT)\BookStore\WebUI\obj\Debug\WebUI.pdb
e:\Studies\С#\miniProgects\MVC\Mvc(CBT)\BookStore\WebUI\bin\WebUI.dll.config
e:\Studies\С#\miniProgects\MVC\Mvc(CBT)\BookStore\WebUI\bin\WebUI.dll
e:\Studies\С#\miniProgects\MVC\Mvc(CBT)\BookStore\WebUI\bin\WebUI.pdb
e:\Studies\С#\miniProgects\MVC\Mvc(CBT)\BookStore\WebUI\bin\Domain.dll
e:\Studies\С#\miniProgects\MVC\Mvc(CBT)\BookStore\WebUI\bin\EntityFramework.dll
e:\Studies\С#\miniProgects\MVC\Mvc(CBT)\BookStore\WebUI\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
e:\Studies\С#\miniProgects\MVC\Mvc(CBT)\BookStore\WebUI\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
e:\Studies\С#\miniProgects\MVC\Mvc(CBT)\BookStore\WebUI\bin\Moq.dll
e:\Studies\С#\miniProgects\MVC\Mvc(CBT)\BookStore\WebUI\bin\Ninject.dll
e:\Studies\С#\miniProgects\MVC\Mvc(CBT)\BookStore\WebUI\bin\Ninject.Web.Common.dll
e:\Studies\С#\miniProgects\MVC\Mvc(CBT)\BookStore\WebUI\bin\Ninject.Web.Mvc.dll
e:\Studies\С#\miniProgects\MVC\Mvc(CBT)\BookStore\WebUI\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
e:\Studies\С#\miniProgects\MVC\Mvc(CBT)\BookStore\WebUI\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
e:\Studies\С#\miniProgects\MVC\Mvc(CBT)\BookStore\WebUI\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
e:\Studies\С#\miniProgects\MVC\Mvc(CBT)\BookStore\WebUI\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.dll
e:\Studies\С#\miniProgects\MVC\Mvc(CBT)\BookStore\WebUI\bin\System.Web.Webpages.dll
e:\Studies\С#\miniProgects\MVC\Mvc(CBT)\BookStore\WebUI\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.dll
e:\Studies\С#\miniProgects\MVC\Mvc(CBT)\BookStore\WebUI\bin\WebActivatorEx.dll
e:\Studies\С#\miniProgects\MVC\Mvc(CBT)\BookStore\WebUI\bin\Domain.pdb
e:\Studies\С#\miniProgects\MVC\Mvc(CBT)\BookStore\WebUI\bin\Domain.dll.config
e:\Studies\С#\miniProgects\MVC\Mvc(CBT)\BookStore\WebUI\bin\EntityFramework.xml
e:\Studies\С#\miniProgects\MVC\Mvc(CBT)\BookStore\WebUI\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
e:\Studies\С#\miniProgects\MVC\Mvc(CBT)\BookStore\WebUI\bin\Moq.xml
e:\Studies\С#\miniProgects\MVC\Mvc(CBT)\BookStore\WebUI\bin\Ninject.xml
e:\Studies\С#\miniProgects\MVC\Mvc(CBT)\BookStore\WebUI\bin\Ninject.Web.Common.xml
e:\Studies\С#\miniProgects\MVC\Mvc(CBT)\BookStore\WebUI\bin\Ninject.Web.Mvc.xml
e:\Studies\С#\miniProgects\MVC\Mvc(CBT)\BookStore\WebUI\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
e:\Studies\С#\miniProgects\MVC\Mvc(CBT)\BookStore\WebUI\bin\System.Web.Webpages.xml
e:\Studies\С#\miniProgects\MVC\Mvc(CBT)\BookStore\WebUI\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.xml
e:\Studies\С#\miniProgects\MVC\Mvc(CBT)\BookStore\WebUI\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.xml
e:\Studies\С#\miniProgects\MVC\Mvc(CBT)\BookStore\WebUI\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
e:\Studies\С#\miniProgects\MVC\Mvc(CBT)\BookStore\WebUI\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
e:\Studies\С#\miniProgects\MVC\Mvc(CBT)\BookStore\WebUI\obj\Debug\WebUI.csproj.CopyComplete
e:\Studies\С#\miniProgects\MVC\Mvc(CBT)\EventsPlanning\WebUI\obj\Debug\WebUI.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
e:\Studies\С#\miniProgects\MVC\Mvc(CBT)\EventsPlanning\WebUI\obj\Debug\WebUI.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
e:\Studies\С#\miniProgects\MVC\Mvc(CBT)\EventsPlanning\WebUI\obj\Debug\WebUI.dll
e:\Studies\С#\miniProgects\MVC\Mvc(CBT)\EventsPlanning\WebUI\obj\Debug\WebUI.pdb
e:\Studies\С#\miniProgects\MVC\Mvc(CBT)\EventsPlanning\WebUI\bin\WebUI.dll.config
e:\Studies\С#\miniProgects\MVC\Mvc(CBT)\EventsPlanning\WebUI\bin\WebUI.dll
e:\Studies\С#\miniProgects\MVC\Mvc(CBT)\EventsPlanning\WebUI\bin\WebUI.pdb
e:\Studies\С#\miniProgects\MVC\Mvc(CBT)\EventsPlanning\WebUI\bin\Domain.dll
e:\Studies\С#\miniProgects\MVC\Mvc(CBT)\EventsPlanning\WebUI\bin\EntityFramework.dll
e:\Studies\С#\miniProgects\MVC\Mvc(CBT)\EventsPlanning\WebUI\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
e:\Studies\С#\miniProgects\MVC\Mvc(CBT)\EventsPlanning\WebUI\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
e:\Studies\С#\miniProgects\MVC\Mvc(CBT)\EventsPlanning\WebUI\bin\Moq.dll
e:\Studies\С#\miniProgects\MVC\Mvc(CBT)\EventsPlanning\WebUI\bin\Ninject.dll
e:\Studies\С#\miniProgects\MVC\Mvc(CBT)\EventsPlanning\WebUI\bin\Ninject.Web.Common.dll
e:\Studies\С#\miniProgects\MVC\Mvc(CBT)\EventsPlanning\WebUI\bin\Ninject.Web.Mvc.dll
e:\Studies\С#\miniProgects\MVC\Mvc(CBT)\EventsPlanning\WebUI\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
e:\Studies\С#\miniProgects\MVC\Mvc(CBT)\EventsPlanning\WebUI\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
e:\Studies\С#\miniProgects\MVC\Mvc(CBT)\EventsPlanning\WebUI\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
e:\Studies\С#\miniProgects\MVC\Mvc(CBT)\EventsPlanning\WebUI\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.dll
e:\Studies\С#\miniProgects\MVC\Mvc(CBT)\EventsPlanning\WebUI\bin\System.Web.Webpages.dll
e:\Studies\С#\miniProgects\MVC\Mvc(CBT)\EventsPlanning\WebUI\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.dll
e:\Studies\С#\miniProgects\MVC\Mvc(CBT)\EventsPlanning\WebUI\bin\WebActivatorEx.dll
e:\Studies\С#\miniProgects\MVC\Mvc(CBT)\EventsPlanning\WebUI\bin\Domain.pdb
e:\Studies\С#\miniProgects\MVC\Mvc(CBT)\EventsPlanning\WebUI\bin\Domain.dll.config
e:\Studies\С#\miniProgects\MVC\Mvc(CBT)\EventsPlanning\WebUI\bin\EntityFramework.xml
e:\Studies\С#\miniProgects\MVC\Mvc(CBT)\EventsPlanning\WebUI\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
e:\Studies\С#\miniProgects\MVC\Mvc(CBT)\EventsPlanning\WebUI\bin\Moq.xml
e:\Studies\С#\miniProgects\MVC\Mvc(CBT)\EventsPlanning\WebUI\bin\Ninject.xml
e:\Studies\С#\miniProgects\MVC\Mvc(CBT)\EventsPlanning\WebUI\bin\Ninject.Web.Common.xml
e:\Studies\С#\miniProgects\MVC\Mvc(CBT)\EventsPlanning\WebUI\bin\Ninject.Web.Mvc.xml
e:\Studies\С#\miniProgects\MVC\Mvc(CBT)\EventsPlanning\WebUI\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
e:\Studies\С#\miniProgects\MVC\Mvc(CBT)\EventsPlanning\WebUI\bin\System.Web.Webpages.xml
e:\Studies\С#\miniProgects\MVC\Mvc(CBT)\EventsPlanning\WebUI\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.xml
e:\Studies\С#\miniProgects\MVC\Mvc(CBT)\EventsPlanning\WebUI\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.xml
e:\Studies\С#\miniProgects\MVC\Mvc(CBT)\EventsPlanning\WebUI\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
e:\Studies\С#\miniProgects\MVC\Mvc(CBT)\EventsPlanning\WebUI\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
e:\Studies\С#\miniProgects\MVC\Mvc(CBT)\EventsPlanning\WebUI\obj\Debug\WebUI.csproj.CopyComplete
E:\Studies\С#\miniProgects\MVC\Mvc(CBT)\EventsPlanning\WebUI\bin\PagedList.dll
E:\Studies\С#\miniProgects\MVC\Mvc(CBT)\EventsPlanning\WebUI\bin\PagedList.Mvc.dll
E:\Studies\С#\miniProgects\MVC\Mvc(CBT)\EventsPlanning\WebUI\bin\PagedList.xml
E:\Studies\С#\miniProgects\MVC\Mvc(CBT)\EventsPlanning\WebUI\bin\PagedList.Mvc.xml
E:\Studies\С#\miniProgects\MVC\Mvc(CBT)\EventsPlanning\WebUI\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
E:\Studies\С#\miniProgects\MVC\Mvc(CBT)\EventsPlanning\WebUI\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
E:\Studies\С#\miniProgects\MVC\Mvc(CBT)\EventsPlanning\WebUI\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
E:\Studies\С#\miniProgects\MVC\Mvc(CBT)\EventsPlanning\WebUI\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
e:\Studies\С#\miniProgects\MVC\Mvc(CBT)\EventsPlanning — копия\WebUI\bin\WebUI.dll.config
e:\Studies\С#\miniProgects\MVC\Mvc(CBT)\EventsPlanning — копия\WebUI\bin\WebUI.dll
e:\Studies\С#\miniProgects\MVC\Mvc(CBT)\EventsPlanning — копия\WebUI\bin\WebUI.pdb
e:\Studies\С#\miniProgects\MVC\Mvc(CBT)\EventsPlanning — копия\WebUI\bin\Domain.dll
e:\Studies\С#\miniProgects\MVC\Mvc(CBT)\EventsPlanning — копия\WebUI\bin\EntityFramework.dll
e:\Studies\С#\miniProgects\MVC\Mvc(CBT)\EventsPlanning — копия\WebUI\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
e:\Studies\С#\miniProgects\MVC\Mvc(CBT)\EventsPlanning — копия\WebUI\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
e:\Studies\С#\miniProgects\MVC\Mvc(CBT)\EventsPlanning — копия\WebUI\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
e:\Studies\С#\miniProgects\MVC\Mvc(CBT)\EventsPlanning — копия\WebUI\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
e:\Studies\С#\miniProgects\MVC\Mvc(CBT)\EventsPlanning — копия\WebUI\bin\Moq.dll
e:\Studies\С#\miniProgects\MVC\Mvc(CBT)\EventsPlanning — копия\WebUI\bin\Ninject.dll
e:\Studies\С#\miniProgects\MVC\Mvc(CBT)\EventsPlanning — копия\WebUI\bin\Ninject.Web.Common.dll
e:\Studies\С#\miniProgects\MVC\Mvc(CBT)\EventsPlanning — копия\WebUI\bin\Ninject.Web.Mvc.dll
e:\Studies\С#\miniProgects\MVC\Mvc(CBT)\EventsPlanning — копия\WebUI\bin\PagedList.dll
e:\Studies\С#\miniProgects\MVC\Mvc(CBT)\EventsPlanning — копия\WebUI\bin\PagedList.Mvc.dll
e:\Studies\С#\miniProgects\MVC\Mvc(CBT)\EventsPlanning — копия\WebUI\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
e:\Studies\С#\miniProgects\MVC\Mvc(CBT)\EventsPlanning — копия\WebUI\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
e:\Studies\С#\miniProgects\MVC\Mvc(CBT)\EventsPlanning — копия\WebUI\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
e:\Studies\С#\miniProgects\MVC\Mvc(CBT)\EventsPlanning — копия\WebUI\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.dll
e:\Studies\С#\miniProgects\MVC\Mvc(CBT)\EventsPlanning — копия\WebUI\bin\System.Web.Webpages.dll
e:\Studies\С#\miniProgects\MVC\Mvc(CBT)\EventsPlanning — копия\WebUI\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.dll
e:\Studies\С#\miniProgects\MVC\Mvc(CBT)\EventsPlanning — копия\WebUI\bin\WebActivatorEx.dll
e:\Studies\С#\miniProgects\MVC\Mvc(CBT)\EventsPlanning — копия\WebUI\bin\Domain.pdb
e:\Studies\С#\miniProgects\MVC\Mvc(CBT)\EventsPlanning — копия\WebUI\bin\Domain.dll.config
e:\Studies\С#\miniProgects\MVC\Mvc(CBT)\EventsPlanning — копия\WebUI\bin\EntityFramework.xml
e:\Studies\С#\miniProgects\MVC\Mvc(CBT)\EventsPlanning — копия\WebUI\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
e:\Studies\С#\miniProgects\MVC\Mvc(CBT)\EventsPlanning — копия\WebUI\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
e:\Studies\С#\miniProgects\MVC\Mvc(CBT)\EventsPlanning — копия\WebUI\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
e:\Studies\С#\miniProgects\MVC\Mvc(CBT)\EventsPlanning — копия\WebUI\bin\Moq.xml
e:\Studies\С#\miniProgects\MVC\Mvc(CBT)\EventsPlanning — копия\WebUI\bin\Ninject.xml
e:\Studies\С#\miniProgects\MVC\Mvc(CBT)\EventsPlanning — копия\WebUI\bin\Ninject.Web.Common.xml
e:\Studies\С#\miniProgects\MVC\Mvc(CBT)\EventsPlanning — копия\WebUI\bin\Ninject.Web.Mvc.xml
e:\Studies\С#\miniProgects\MVC\Mvc(CBT)\EventsPlanning — копия\WebUI\bin\PagedList.xml
e:\Studies\С#\miniProgects\MVC\Mvc(CBT)\EventsPlanning — копия\WebUI\bin\PagedList.Mvc.xml
e:\Studies\С#\miniProgects\MVC\Mvc(CBT)\EventsPlanning — копия\WebUI\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
e:\Studies\С#\miniProgects\MVC\Mvc(CBT)\EventsPlanning — копия\WebUI\bin\System.Web.Webpages.xml
e:\Studies\С#\miniProgects\MVC\Mvc(CBT)\EventsPlanning — копия\WebUI\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.xml
e:\Studies\С#\miniProgects\MVC\Mvc(CBT)\EventsPlanning — копия\WebUI\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.xml
e:\Studies\С#\miniProgects\MVC\Mvc(CBT)\EventsPlanning — копия\WebUI\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
e:\Studies\С#\miniProgects\MVC\Mvc(CBT)\EventsPlanning — копия\WebUI\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
e:\Studies\С#\miniProgects\MVC\Mvc(CBT)\EventsPlanning — копия\WebUI\obj\Debug\WebUI.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
e:\Studies\С#\miniProgects\MVC\Mvc(CBT)\EventsPlanning — копия\WebUI\obj\Debug\WebUI.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
e:\Studies\С#\miniProgects\MVC\Mvc(CBT)\EventsPlanning — копия\WebUI\obj\Debug\WebUI.csproj.CopyComplete
e:\Studies\С#\miniProgects\MVC\Mvc(CBT)\EventsPlanning — копия\WebUI\obj\Debug\WebUI.dll
e:\Studies\С#\miniProgects\MVC\Mvc(CBT)\EventsPlanning — копия\WebUI\obj\Debug\WebUI.pdb
e:\Studies\С#\miniProgects\MVC\Mvc(CBT)\EventsPlanning — копия\WebUI\bin\ru\System.Web.Razor.resources.dll
e:\Studies\С#\miniProgects\MVC\Mvc(CBT)\EventsPlanning — копия\WebUI\bin\ru\System.Web.Webpages.resources.dll
e:\Studies\С#\miniProgects\MVC\Mvc(CBT)\EventsPlanning — копия\WebUI\bin\ru\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.resources.dll
e:\Studies\С#\miniProgects\MVC\Mvc(CBT)\EventsPlanning — копия\WebUI\bin\ru\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.resources.dll
e:\Studies\С#\miniProgects\MVC\Mvc(CBT)\EventsPlanning — копия\WebUI\bin\ru\System.Web.Helpers.resources.dll
e:\Studies\С#\miniProgects\MVC\Mvc(CBT)\EventsPlanning — копия\WebUI\bin\ru\System.Web.Mvc.resources.dll
